Add JMS bbes (#4880)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/jms-producer-produce-message/jms_producer_produce_message.md

> # JMS message producer - Produce message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# JMS message producer - Produce messages
```

The `jms:MessageProducer` connects to a given JMS provider, and then sends messages to a specific JMS destination (queue or a topic) in the JMS provider. 

> A `jms:MessageProducer` can be initialized by using a `jms:Session` object. Once connected `send` method can be used to send messages to a JMS destination in the JMS provider. `jms:TextMessage`, `jms:BytesMessage`, and `jms:MapMesage` can be provided as messages. Use this to send messages to a specific JMS destination. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `jms:MessageProducer` can be initialized by using a `jms:Session` object. Once connected, the `send` method can be used to send messages to a JMS destination in the JMS provider. `jms:TextMessage`, `jms:BytesMessage`, and `jms:MapMesage` can be provided as messages. Use this to send messages to a specific JMS destination. 
```

> If the `jms:MessageProducer` will be used to send messages to multiple JMS destinations, `sentTo` method can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sentTo` method of the `jms:MessageProducer` is used to send messages to multiple JMS destinations.
```
Check if the technical meaning got changed by the suggestion.

::: code jms_producer_produce_message.bal :::

## Prerequisites

> - Start a [ActiveMQ broker](https://activemq.apache.org/getting-started) instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start a [ActiveMQ broker](https://activemq.apache.org/getting-started) instance.
```
Ditto

> Run the program by executing the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the program by executing the following command.
```
Ditto
